[Text Analytics] Generating v3.1-preview.4 from swagger (#18988)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/textanalytics/Azure.AI.TextAnalytics/README.md

```
For samples on using the production recommended option `AnalyzeSentimentBatch` see [here][analyze_sentiment_sample].

> To get more granular information about the assessment related to targets of a product/service, also known as Target-based Sentiment Analysis in Natural Language Processing (NLP), see a sample on sentiment analysis with assessment mining [here][analyze_sentiment_assessment_mining_sample].

Reviewer: This is interesting, so the name of the feature is still `Opinion mining`. Then renames are more around the information returned when doing the opinion mining.
Because of that I suggest
```suggestion
To get more granular information about the opinions related to targets of a product/service, also known as Aspect-based Sentiment Analysis in Natural Language Processing (NLP), see a sample on sentiment analysis with opinion mining [here][analyze_sentiment_assessment_mining_sample].
```

I recommend following the same for the rest of documentation changes
